README.md, before:

# GiacconiDev TrelloApp

TrelloApp is a React TypeScript application designed to facilitate task management, inspired by Trello's functionality and made to practice the react framework concepts and workflow. This README provides an overview of the project structure, dependencies, and how to get started with development.

## Table of Contents

- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Development Dependencies](#development-dependencies)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Dependencies

### React Libraries
- **react**: ^18
- **react-dom**: ^18

### Styling and UI Components
- **styled-components**: ^6.1.0
- **react-feather**: ^2.0.10

### Routing
- **react-router-dom**: ^6.21.2

### State Management and Utilities
- **local-storage**: 2.0.0
- **lodash.groupby**: 4.6.0
- **uuid**: ^9.0.1

### Drag-and-Drop
- **react-beautiful-dnd**: ^13.1.1

### User Authentication
- **jsonwebtoken**: ^9.0.2

## Development Dependencies

### Type Definitions
- **@types/node**: ^20
- **@types/react**: ^18
- **@types/uuid**: ^9.0.6

### TypeScript Compiler
- **typescript**: ^4.9.5

## Scripts

- **start**: `react-scripts start` - Launches the development server.
- **build**: `react-scripts build` - Builds the production-ready bundle of the application.
- **test**: `react-scripts test --env=jsdom` - Runs tests with the jsdom environment.
- **eject**: `react-scripts eject` - Ejects from Create React App configuration.

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
2. Navigate to the project directory:
3. Install dependencies using npm or yarn:
4. Start the development server:
5. Open your web browser and navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by submitting bug reports, feature requests, or pull requests.

Commit message:

Update README with demo link and credentials
Added demo link and credentials to README.

README.md, after:

# GiacconiDev TrelloApp

TrelloApp is a React TypeScript application designed to facilitate task management, inspired by Trello's functionality and made to practice the react framework concepts and workflow. This README provides an overview of the project structure, dependencies, and how to get started with development.

## Table of Contents

- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Development Dependencies](#development-dependencies)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Dependencies

### React Libraries
- **react**: ^18
- **react-dom**: ^18

### Styling and UI Components
- **styled-components**: ^6.1.0
- **react-feather**: ^2.0.10

### Routing
- **react-router-dom**: ^6.21.2

### State Management and Utilities
- **local-storage**: 2.0.0
- **lodash.groupby**: 4.6.0
- **uuid**: ^9.0.1

### Drag-and-Drop
- **react-beautiful-dnd**: ^13.1.1

### User Authentication
- **jsonwebtoken**: ^9.0.2

## Development Dependencies

### Type Definitions
- **@types/node**: ^20
- **@types/react**: ^18
- **@types/uuid**: ^9.0.6

### TypeScript Compiler
- **typescript**: ^4.9.5

## Scripts

- **start**: `react-scripts start` - Launches the development server.
- **build**: `react-scripts build` - Builds the production-ready bundle of the application.
- **test**: `react-scripts test --env=jsdom` - Runs tests with the jsdom environment.
- **eject**: `react-scripts eject` - Ejects from Create React App configuration.

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
2. Navigate to the project directory:
3. Install dependencies using npm or yarn:
4. Start the development server:
5. Open your web browser and navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

You can check a demo at live web example of running app: https://trello-app-giacconidev.vercel.app
Demo credentials:
- user: demo
- password: D3m0Tr3110

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by submitting bug reports, feature requests, or pull requests.
